PostgreSQL backups (#254)
open-contracting/deploy: docs/develop/update/postgres.rst

  postgres:
    public_access: True

> .. _postgres-add-configuration:

Reviewer: We use `pg-` instead of `postgres-` for all except `postgres-public-access`, so we can change this and `postgres-public-access` to use `pg-`.

The configuration file will be in the ``/etc/postgresql/11/main/conf.d/`` directory on the server (for PostgreSQL version 11).

.. _pg-setup-backups:

Set up backups
--------------

> We use pgbackrest to create and manage backups stored in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `pgBackRest <https://pgbackrest.org>`__ to create and manage offsite backups.
```

> Salt will install and configure pgbackrest if ``postgres:backup`` is defined in pillar.

Reviewer: Use correct capitalization of pgBackRest throughout, unless referring to the command.

```suggestion
Salt will install and configure pgBackRest if ``postgres:backup`` is defined in Pillar data.
```

#. Create pgbackrest pillar config.

   .. code-block:: yaml

      postgres:
        backup:
          # The configuration file for pgbackrest, this is loaded from ``salt/postgres/files/pgbackrest/``.
          config_name: kingfisher-process1
          # Unique ID to store backups under. pgbackrest also refers to this as the "stanza".
          identifier: kingfisher
          # Concurrent processes for run pgbackrest with (backup speed vs CPU usage).
          # Optional.
          process_max: 4
          # Backup bucket region.

>           region: eu-west-1

Reviewer: I think we tend to use us-east.

Author: Happy to use one of the us-east regions instead of eu-west.
These three regions cost the same ($0.023 per GB).

It is a bit more expensive ($0.0245) but eu-central-1 (Frankfurt) is the closest to the Hetzner servers (hosted in Falkenstein and Helsinki). So for quicker backups and restorations this region would be better.

Reviewer: I guess we should decide whether we will be using Backblaze instead?

Reviewer: Happy to use an AWS EU region.

Author: Updated docs to `s3_region: eu-central-1` matching kingfisher settings.

          # Backup bucket name.
          s3_bucket: ocp-backup
          # s3 endpoint - `AWS S3 endpoints <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/s3.html>`__.
          s3_endpoint: s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
          # API Access Key.
          s3_key: redacted
          # API Secret Key.
          s3_key_secret: redacted
          # Total full backups to store.
          total_full_backups: 4

   .. note::

>       These options support any s3 compatible storage systems including AWS, BackBlaze and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      These options support any S3-compatible storage, including AWS and BackBlaze.
```

   .. note::

      Incremental backups are taken daily (storing only the changes since the last full backup).
      Full backups are taken weekly, currently this runs on Sunday.
      So if ``total_full_backups`` is set to 4, backups will be stored for four weeks.

> #. Create Stanza.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create stanza.
```

   If this backup stanza has already been created you can skip this step.

   .. code-block:: bash

      su - postgres
      pgbackrest stanza-create --stanza=example

> 

Reviewer: Extra newline (occurs elsewhere).

```suggestion
```

The configuration file will be in the ``/etc/postgresql/11/main/conf.d/`` directory on the server (for PostgreSQL version 11).

.. _pg-setup-backups:

Set up backups
--------------

We use `pgBackRest <https://pgbackrest.org>`__ to create and manage offsite backups.
Salt will install and configure pgBackRest if ``postgres:backup`` is defined in Pillar data.

#. Create an S3 bucket and API Keys.

   .. note::

      pgBackRest supports any S3-compatible storage, including AWS and BackBlaze.

   If you are using AWS you will need to `create an S3 Bucket<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/create-bucket-overview.html>`__ and `set up an IAM user<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html>`__.

>    This is the IAM permissions policy we are using for Kingfisher backups.

Reviewer: Link to https://pgbackrest.org/user-guide.html#s3-support

         service postgresql stop
         rm -rf /var/lib/postgresql/11/main

   #. Switch to the ``postgres`` user and transfer PostgreSQL data.

      .. code-block:: bash

         su - postgres
         mkdir /var/lib/postgresql/11/main
         pgbackrest --stanza=example --type=standby restore

   #. Switch to the ``root`` user and start the PostgreSQL service.

      .. code-block:: bash

         exit

>          systemctl status postgresql

Reviewer: This starts the PostgreSQL service?

Author: This was a typo. Fixed now.
